docs: Add pagerduty integration (#21)
codacy/pulse-user-docs: docs/pagerduty.md

# Integrating with PagerDuty

Pulse can integrate directly with PagerDuty to receive Webhooks that will be ingested as incidents.

## Requirements

- Pulse API key for an organization

## Setup

1. Inside your PagerDuty account navigate to `Services` > `Service Directory` > `Choose a service` > `Integrations Tab` > `Add or manage extensions` > `New Extension`

> 2. Fill out the inputs.
>    In the `Extension Type` field choose the `Generic V2 Webhook`.
>    The `Name` can be anything, `Pulse` is a good default.
>    The `Details` section should include the URL of Pulse's ingestion api (`https://ingestion.pulse.codacy.com/v1/ingestion/pagerduty?system=<MY-SYSTEM>&api_key=<API-KEY>`),
>    including the API key and system to where you are sending the data.
>    PagerDuty already has a concept of a service which can be a good starting point for the system field in the Pulse URL.

Reviewer: This section renders everything in a single line. :slightly_smiling_face:

Here's a way to make it more structured:

```suggestion
2. Fill out the inputs:

    - `Extension Type`: Choose `Generic V2 Webhook`.

    - `Name`: Can be anything, but `Pulse` is a good default.

    - `Details`: Include the URL of Pulse's ingestion API (`https://ingestion.pulse.codacy.com/v1/ingestion/pagerduty?system=<MY-SYSTEM>&api_key=<API-KEY>`), including the API key and system to where you are sending the data.
    
        PagerDuty already has a concept of a service which can be a good starting point for the system field in the Pulse URL.
```
